Fix abort error thrown by `api-fetch` and add documentation (#32530)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/api-fetch/README.md

Shorthand to be used in place of `body`, accepts an object value to be stringified to JSON.

### Aborting a request

> Aborting a request can be done by using [`AbortController`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) as the same as in `fetch`. For legacy browsers that don't support `AbortController`, you should provide your own polyfill of `AbortController` if you still want it to be abort-able, or simply ignore it as shown in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aborting a request can be achieved through the use of [`AbortController`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) in the same way as you would when using the native `fetch` API. 

For legacy browsers that don't support `AbortController`, you can either:

* Provide your own polyfill of `AbortController` if you still want it to be abortable. 
* Ignore it as shown in the example below.
```

**Example**

```js
const controller = typeof AbortController === 'undefined'
	? undefined
	: new AbortController();

apiFetch( { path: '/wp/v2/posts', signal: controller?.signal } )
	.catch( ( error ) => {

> 		// If the browser doesn't support AbortController then it will never log.
> 		// It should be fine in most cases when it's considered to be a progressive improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// If the browser doesn't support AbortController then the code below will never log.
		// However, in most cases this should be fine as it can be considered to be a progressive enhancement.
```
